$ make                                                                                                                                                                          
echo "I'm compiling"
I'm compiling
env MIBDIRS="+." MIBS="+MYCORP-PRODUCT-MYPRODUCT-MIB" mib2c -c mib2c.mfd.conf li
registered debug token parse-file, 1
Defaults for linkTable...
writing to -
There are no defaults for linkTable. Would you like to

  1) Accept hard-coded defaults
  2) Set defaults now [DEFAULT]

Select your choice : 2


Do you want to use an existing data structure for the USER context?
This would be a structure used to track data for the entire table,
(similar to a global variable) not individual rows.  (Many
implementations won't need this, in which case the default is fine).


  1) No, use netsnmp_data_list [DEFAULT]
  2) Yes, use my own structure

Select your choice : 1


Do you want to use an existing data structure for the DATA context?
The DATA context holds the data for each MIB column in a given row. By
default, a new data structure will be created with an element for each
column.  If you already have a structure that holds your data, select 2.

  1) No, use generated [DEFAULT]
  2) Yes, use my own structure

Select your choice : 


Do you need to initialize elements in the 'generated' DATA
context when a new instance is created (eg default values, or other structures
you are going to add that might need initialization to the row request context?
(The most common reasons you might need to do this is are if you want to ke
some non-MIB data for every row, or some columns have default values.)

  1) no, no initialization needed
  2) yes, initilization is needed [DEFAULT]

Select your choice : 1


Do you plan on keeping all data in the format defined by the MIB? If so,
no functions will be generated to map values. If some data will be
stored in a different format, the mapping functions will be generated.
If your MIB has integers with enumerations, mapping functions are more
likely to be needed. (e.g. A TruthValue object will hold the value
1 or 2, but a C boolean would be 1 or 0.)

  1) All values will be stored as defined by the MIB [DEFAULT]
  2) I need to map values to the format defined by the MIB.

Select your choice : 


Which method would you like to use to gather data about available rows? 

  1) container : [DEFAULT]  This access method uses a netsnmp_container
     to store all row data in memory. This method is best for:
         - Internal data (maintained by the agent)
         - Access speed is important
         - Sufficient memory exists to contain all rows

  2) container-cached : This access method uses a netsnmp_container
     to keep track of the indexes (and data, usually) for each 
     row. This method is best for:
         - External data (maintained by another process/the kernel)
         - Access speed is important
         - Sufficient memory exists to contain all indexes
     
  3) unsorted-external : This access method iterates over all of your data
     to find the row with the appropriate index. This method is good for
         - External data (maintained by another process/the kernel)
         - Using less memory is much more important than access speed
     
Select your choice : 2


When accessing your data, is your data TRANSIENT?

  1) Yes. My data is TRANSIENT (e.g. a pointer to a static buffer that
     my be overwritten during a request) and needs to be copied during
     processing.

  2) Yes. My data is SEMI-TRANSIENT (e.g. an allocated pointer to a
     copy of the data).

  3) No, my data is PERSISTENT (e.g. an allocated pointer to the actual
     data, which is under the agent's control)
  
Select your choice [DEFAULT=1] : 3


Do you want example code to be generated? This will generate example code
for reading data from a text file.

  1) generate example code [DEFAULT]
  2) do not generate example code

Select your choice : 1

Is your table sparse? A sparse table is a table where some
columns might not exist for all rows. Note that if your tabl
contains a RowStaus column and it supports createAndWait, yo
will need sparse table support.

  1) No, all columns always exist for every row [DEFAULT]
  2) Yes, my table is sparse

Select your choice : 1

Do you want a makefile and AgentX subagent source file generated?
This will let you test your table without having to link it into
snmpd. (You can still link it in later.)

  1) do not generate makefile/AgentX code [DEFAULT]
  2) generate makefile/AgentX code

Select your choice : 1

writing to defaults/table-linkTable.m2d

